we have a few questions where were you
the night Lily bridges disappeared
Lucy this is Lilly Lilly Lucy fly so how
long have you been in Japan three weeks
now
it's weird no everyone stares at you
it's like being famous
[Music]
some people get addicted to those you
and that normal you don't you know
so let's not pretend to me you
photograph everything of course
dear boyfriend thank you
he's so cute cute Ohio he's gorgeous
he's like obsessed with you why do you
say that I know man she's a piece of
work that one it's like you the only one
who exists then she moves on to someone
else it's like you were never even there
what do you see about the future come on
we have something no one knows could
share don't you ever I do
see now I know what I'm feeling and it's
not right at all
you must trust me
hippie only thoughts endure every
feels like something really Bad's gonna
happen
you